Well, yes, the financial situation... I mean, let's face it,
asked me to come here and take this position operator.
And then I say to them when I go to family, you know, I know everything.
No, seriously, this is the undertaking .
Think of the countries that you have.
You have .
And I did.
But I could not help getting to just about certain materials.
And, you know, it was fantastic.
And I said, how can I say no unless it's one of the Italian materials?
So the Italian material, which does not really get the recognition of the other stuff, you say is still very strong?
It is strong.
As you will see, it's probably structured without self-centeredness.
Really?
There is not a lot of it.
Did this come mainly through purchase?
Yes.
During the time, Ransom, he wanted to enlarge the babies for the French languages.
So he started on Italian, Latin, Spanish, French, and so on.
That's what they wanted to do because it was important at the time.
It was this idea of interested in the study.
Now the idea has come back.
But the money situation is not the same.
So you cannot go out and buy everything you want.
That is very difficult.
I mean, the situation has changed.
No question about it.
The situation has changed.
They value, they can always have changed.
So what if somebody says, well, you know, you can actually lose this thing at all.
Well, I don't like that, but I don't appreciate that coming because I said, well, look, if you think only in terms of money and buying things, well, that's how you might have to do it myself to begin with.
But yes, in this case, no, I haven't gotten it yet, but I haven't even arrived yet.
But on the other hand, it seems to me that there has been a great deal of law and movement and activities from within, the thing that I have created.
And I have been really great in this gap.
I have been, you know, asked to do and to do lectures in different places, in other places.
And that all has been generated from what I have done.
So it seems to me,
That is important too, because if they say, all right, I cannot buy any more, then I say, all right, then I'll do something.
But is the policy not to get any more Italian right now?
Well, that's what it is, that's what it is, because the money is kind of hard time.
So naturally, you know, the acquisition is going to be
towards enriching the material that are considerably important and that we have to offer.
You know, to me, I feel we really have to take care of everything we have.
We have a lot.
But on the other hand, from a financial point of view, if you have little money, clearly you are going to spend it on something that you, or whatever,
You have to get out and get the money.
How long has it been since you've been a major enthusiast?
We had fantastic opportunities and we could really go up there, we would have the money, we would have the money, we would have the money, we would have the money, we would have the money, we would have the money, we would have the money, we would have the money, we would have the money, we would have the money, we would have the money, we would have the money,
So he really wasn't interested in anything?
Well, the funny thing is that he was interested
in the Renaissance period.
Because I remember when I didn't know him, I was delighted to put up an interview because he made me to go to the Renaissance period.
Because also, this man is very much interested in the Renaissance period.
And he was quite enjoying it.
So while he was here,
So that was a gift.
So, this is what really happened.
So, when you came here, you were able to do it.
And so long you decided that you got to do it.
All of them, all of them did.
208 or something like that.
That is exquisite.
They are wonderful.
We've had already about 500 books with maybe about 505 of them.
And I agree to that.
I put them all together and I have a couple of cards with a representation of the wrapping so that I'm really beginning to look better for that.
I've done so much.
I've been here for a long time.
And I would say that the balance is definitely positive.
What I want the beginning to do, and what I want the English to do.
And I always try to wonder what I'm saying.
And they say this particular text in English is an argument that they publish in this entire journal, which is one of the major
the library in Germany and I was very happy with that.
This is exactly the same text.
Okay, did you write this text?
No, I did.
Because when I wrote this and I went to give a lecture, basically the editor, they asked me if I could do this.
Yeah, and I get to the sun with a person at the time.
It's a kind of person who doesn't tell you what to do.
And I say, oh, no.
That's why I'm so mad in the middle of my most productive time.
You don't care?
Well, then I'll do it.
I mean, I don't know, it's just an application, you can actually do whatever, but I had been really very interested in what I've been doing.
I've sort of broken out the lessons and everything that we do.
They are wonderful.
In fact, there was a conference in Victoria, in the time of Texas.
And then we had a new year.
We had it last year.
We had an open discussion in September, and then they did stay on until
and now we are thinking about making it so that we can really just make it so that we can really just make it so that we can make it so that we can make it so that we can make it so that we can make it so that we can make it so that we can make it so that we can make it so that we can make it so that we can make it so that we can make it so that we can make it so that we can make it so that we can make it so that we can make it so that we can make it so that we can make it so that we can make it so that we can make it so that we can make it so that we can make it so that we can make it so that we can make it so that we can make it so that we can make it so that we can make it so that we can make it so that we can make it so that we can make it so that we can make it so that we can make it so that we can make it so that we can make it so that we can make it so that
And then, because of how it's sort of a comparative culture, sometimes even when you think that I'm actually trying to make a lot of connection, one of these issues that we find together, you can turn out
of the fact that I discovered that we have here about four hundred and a hundred years in Carlota.
So in GF, sometimes we have this sort of historic site.
And to mention of the material in GF is just magic, you know, because it is a very, very kind of experience.
These are the letters.
Yes.
These are parts.
Part of the letters
But he said it was interesting, the first period of material and the love of life, and he asked if they could publish them.
Do you research them?
No, we send them the microphone.
What I did, I gave, in theory, a lecture about the letters, and I was there with a friend of mine who had to journal.
So, what I'm saying, sometimes, anything that has any connection with Italian, I can, it can be shown a little bit.
So, it's a question of knowledge.
That's exactly what Dr. Ramsey said.
Well, it made a big splash.
I know that in 1973 is when they brought the maximum.
Exactly, exactly.
And it was a big splash because Milton even knew they were available.
Dr. Ramsey knew everybody.
I know.
And you see, that's the way he would find things.
He won.
And he didn't know who was going into it.
And one time, one time, this gentleman who was in the registry, he said, no, no, we are going to let go.
It's interesting looking at the material.
What?
So, you know, at that time, my mother was leaving, and so I called her up, and so I needed to talk to the president of the history of education.
So I gave him a lecture about five, five years ago, in the honor of the historian, I think, and I think, and everything.
And when he was there, he said, well, he was just getting in on his education.
So this, perhaps, is going a bit outside of my
But I mean, if he's a way of bringing out some of the material, that's not really, you know.
And what came out of my lecture, oh yes, I gave it.
And they, to me as well,
What does that poster say?
The manuscript of the Count of Correcta preserved in the United States.
And this was the thing that when I walked in the bulletin, this was my meeting with a rector, a president, and I would be giving him a little context of time by coming up.
And I was like, I told that by coming up and I was a little bit of the other.
It was fantastic.
I mean, you know, there I was giving my lecture in the day before, and it had Giovanni Agnelli who was speaking, and the day before, who was the John Delors.
And like, for instance, the last thing that we discovered, we often have a thing that you've been here.
So much material was bought, entire collections.
They didn't have the stuff.
I wasn't here yet.
And they just put aside things that were said about it.
And so all of a sudden, you know, something.
That's one thing, as I have to say, is fantastic.
The best thing to do is immediately when he came, he ordered a complete survey of all of his children from populous.
But if he saw the from populous films, now what do you mean, do you mean this?
Crazy.
Stop.
And how is from the land?
It was.
It was time time, you know, I think it happened in some religion.
And it was kind of relaxed out there.
You know that, it was the interior, you know, nobody knows that.
I'm talking about the kind of motion.
The levee at the levee?
Yeah, it kind of is.
Oh yeah, my hair, my hair, my hair.
That's okay, I'll just show you.
It's in here.
Oh, it's in here, okay, yeah.
And so, of course, that was, you know, it was big, you know, big movement, that's what I was saying.
was not published in Africa, because in America I also think that I'm an artist.
He knows.
And, you know, that really is the research of me.
You know, I'm the only one who knows the significance of this thing.
When I had a uniquely drawn in November, this one of his friends, the author died in 2005.
And I was just like, all right, I'm going to ask anything to do.
And I got it.
And so I was sitting down at the house of the altar.
She's just with me.
I have a book-review letter of my newspaper.
Oh, I see.
And I have an Italian professor at Holy Cross College by the name of Maurizio Vandicelli.
So whenever I get anything fine in a canon opera, I send it to him and he gives me these wonderful reviews.
So we have done the canonies.
We have done that.
Okay.
Well, right.
And of course, she were a friend of the family from way back when he was here.
And so it was just disgusting.
And she gave me the suggestion of all of these things.
I thought I knew what he wrote.
But it would be kind of a story within the story.
Because it's the story of the manuscript, how it came here,
And the story of his being in Lithuania in 35, 36, and why did he wait until 43 to lie to the world?
And what condition was he under when he got to live?
So he was in persecution, protected in this house.
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no.
And so he began writing the story as an original one of his friends, written by talk about a month ago.
I mean, you know, this is coming out really, really extremely, not only, but on the manuscript, but he did some sketches.
He was saying, well, not the class of the library.
He was on the block, of course, but he was saying them.
And he did some sketches on the manuscript.
And she told me, you know, the sketches of the manuscript.
So it was fantastic.
It's going to be a very good story.
It's going to be around the time.
I barely gave myself to that.
So you see, that's what I mean when I say no.
You still have treasures that are still there to be my...
Exactly, exactly.
And to bring them up, the people to come in and see what I'm very better than they talk to each other with our mission.
You know, that's the reason why I began, you know, being in life was a really good place, because when I realized, I thought, oh, do some work, don't do this, don't do this, don't do it.
You know, that's what it is.
It's doing, you know, that's really very, I feel very strongly that's my ability to do it.
And it's funny because I have really been putting into all of my, let's say, my mind or something.
And now I'm beginning to get something, to do something in the American collection of cards, but no one can say it.
No one can say it.
You know, I hate to sound it.
Never the last, you know, as long as I think,
It has been an extremely, extremely interesting work and combined with that.
Who is the pretty young girl?
Come on.
So you have your daughter's husband?
Yes, yes.
But the boss, she and my older daughter, who is one of the participants to do a lot.
Oh, wow.
She's like, yeah, she's just following the other day, and she's up again doing all of the designs for the certain members have nothing to do.
I'm excited.
Yeah, I was really, but they got treated quite often.
We have two guys.
Eight and seven.
Oh, well.
It takes me a hell of a time reading, and that's what I need, I need to know about the situation, and that's what I need to do.